[chore] Gateway 2.8.1.3 support for Lambda plugin (#4149)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/aws-lambda/_index.md

---
### Notes

If you provide `aws_key` and `aws_secret`, they will be used in the highest priority to
invoke the Lambda function.

If you do not provide an `aws_key` and `aws_secret`, the plugin uses an IAM role inherited
from the instance running Kong.

For example, if you're running Kong on an EC2 instance, the IAM role that attached
to the EC2 will be used, and Kong will fetch the credential from the

> [EC2 Instance Metadata service(IMDSv1)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/iam-roles-for-amazon-ec2.html);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[EC2 Instance Metadata service(IMDSv1)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/iam-roles-for-amazon-ec2.html).
```

>  if you're running Kong in an ECS container, the task IAM role will be used, and Kong will fetch the credentials from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're running Kong in an ECS container, the task IAM role will be used, and Kong will fetch the credentials from
```

the [container credential provider](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdkref/latest/guide/feature-container-credentials.html).

> Note that the plugin will firstly try to fetch from ECS metadata to get the role, and if no ECS metadata related environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the plugin will first try to fetch from ECS metadata to get the role, and if no ECS metadata related environment
```

> variables is available, the plugin falls back on EC2 metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
variables are available, the plugin falls back on EC2 metadata.
```

If you also provide the `aws_assume_role_arn` option, the plugin will try to perform
an additional [AssumeRole](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/STS/latest/APIReference/API_AssumeRole.html)

> action(which requires the Kong process to make HTTPS request to AWS STS service API) after

Reviewer: ```suggestion
action, which requires the Kong process to make HTTPS request to AWS STS service API, after
```

> configuring AWS access key/secret or fetching credentials automatically from EC2/ECS IAM roles,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configuring AWS access key/secret or fetching credentials automatically from EC2/ECS IAM roles.
```

> and if succeeded, the plugin will fetch a temporary security credentials which represents

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it succeeds, the plugin will fetch a temporary security credentials that represents
```
